# Light-Up-Wheel
For my wearable light-up project, I decided to light up some roller skate wheels with LED lights. It was a very complicated project because I had to 3D replicate some wheels I already had on a roller skate. In order for me to 3D print a wheel, Professor Tyler took some photos of the wheel on his app called Polycam. Polycam is an app that is able to generate a 3D model out of the photos that the user uploads. I was able to put LED lights on my 3D modeled wheel with the help of four coin cell batteries.<br/>
 After the 3D model was created, I designed some holes for this wheel. I put a hole in the middle of the wheel for the screw of the rollerskate to be fitted inside. I then made four additional holes around the middle hole for the LED lights assembled in. There were also four additional holes on the back of the wheel that I was able to put some coin cell batteries inside of. Each of the four coin cell batteries had three volts. Together these batteries made up a 12 volt charge. These batteries had enough charge to light up four LED lights on my wheel.<br/>
In order for me to make the four LED lights power on, I decided to place the batteries in a series circuit. By doing this, my voltage was now 12V and could comfortably light up all 4 LEDs without the need for a resistor. For the LEDs, I also placed them in a series circuit with a switch at the end that would connect to the negative side of the battery. In order to make the batteries all fit evenly in the wheel, I put all four on opposite sides and wired them together. This was a huge design challenge for me as I needed precise measurements of both batteries and had the cable management thought out. <br/>
RollerskateImage
